I suggest you don't go back
Qi Tian, don't drag my miss down
Listen to what Qi Tian has to say first
First of all, the situation of the Ye family is unknown
You go back now
Maybe the petiole will be in his mood
Secondly
Think about it, Mr. Ye just disappeared
Ye Binghe became the chairperson
Is there so much just his sensible?
Do you mean he coerced the sensible?
At least one kind of person
So I'll find a place to strike up a conversation
I was too impulsive just now.
Thank you, Qi Tian
Maybe I'm also a bystander
Actually, there's one more thing I can't tell you right now
The petiole of his bodyguard is likely to be related to no one
Be careful today
This leaf almond
There may be no one behind it
Did you hear me?
Get ready, come here.
Where are we going now?
Send this special unit back first
Now send him back to the Tian family
It might still get sold.
OK.
Then the three of you can only live with me